# NI DOCUMENT BUNDLE: ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility

<!--NI_BUNDLE_CHUNK bundle=ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility start=1 end=10 -->
<!--NI_TOPIC bundle=ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility path=advanced-modifications.html language=enus -->
## TOPIC 00001: Advanced Modifications

- bundle_id: `ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility`
- source_path: `advanced-modifications.html`
- source_url: https://docs-be.ni.com/bundle/ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility/raw/resource/enus/advanced-modifications.html
- document_id: `ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility`
- page_type: `leaf`
- content_type: `reference`
- source_description: LabVIEW users may want to make the following changes: Add another custom IP. Update the Xilinx Implementation Strategy. Configure the Board I/O properties before generating a bitfile. To do so, open the LabVIEW project generated by the build-bitfile command using the command option -n: ip2fpgaCLI.ex

### Advanced Modifications

LabVIEW users may want to make the
 following changes:

- Add another custom IP.
- Update the Xilinx Implementation Strategy.
- Configure the Board I/O properties before generating a bitfile.

To do so, open the LabVIEW project generated by the *build-bitfile*
 command using the command option
 -n:

ip2fpgaCLI.exe build-bitfile -p
 "C:\Users\SampleUser\Desktop\Sample\SubSystem.slx" -t "PXIe-7868R" -l 2019
 -n

[IMAGE alt='image' src='GUID-7231E973-A957-4B4C-905A-AE941086E14B-a5.png']

<!--NI_TOPIC bundle=ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility path=commands-table.html language=enus -->
## TOPIC 00002: Commands Table

- bundle_id: `ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility`
- source_path: `commands-table.html`
- source_url: https://docs-be.ni.com/bundle/ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility/raw/resource/enus/commands-table.html
- document_id: `ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility`
- page_type: `leaf`
- content_type: `reference`
- source_description: Commands Table Command Command Options Description Example -v, --verbose Increases output logging verbosity. create-config Creates a configuration template file for the specified NI FPGA. You can use this file to map model ports to a Board I/O.You can pass on the configuration file as an option for

### Commands Table

| Command | Command Options | Description | Example |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  | -v, --verbose | Increases output logging verbosity. |  |
| create-config |  | Creates a configuration template file for the specified NI FPGA. You can use this file to map model ports to a Board I/O.You can pass on the configuration file as an option for the build-bitfile command. | ip2fpgaCLI.exe create-config -p "C: \\Users\\SampleUser\\Desktop\\Sample\\SubSystem.slx" -t "PXIe-7867R" -l 2019 -o "C:\\Users\\ SampleUser\\Desktop\\Sample\\SubSystem.JSON" |
|  | -p, --project=<value> | Specifies a path to a Simulink (.slx) project. Simulink must successfully generate HDL code before using this command. |  |
|  | -t, --target=<value> | Specifies the NI FPGA target type to generate the bitfile. |  |
|  | -l, --lvversion=<value>(optional) | Specifies the LabVIEW version used to compile the bitfile. If not specified, the default is the latest LabVIEW version. |  |
|  | -o, --output=<value> | Specifies the path for saving the configuration (.json) file. |  |
| build-bitfile |  | Builds a bitfile from the provided SLX file and targeting the specified NI FPGA Board. | ip2fpgaCLI.exe build-bitfile -p "C: \\Users\\SampleUser\\Desktop\\Sample\\SubSystem.slx" -t "PXIe-7867R" -l 2019 -c "C:\\Users\\SampleUser \\Desktop\\Sample\\SubSystem.JSON" |
|  | -p, --project=<value> | Specifies a path to a SLX file. Simulink must successfully generate HDL code before using this command. |  |
|  | -t, --target=<value> | Specifies the NI FPGA target type to generate the bitfile. |  |
|  | -l, --lvversion=<value>(optional) | Specifies the LabVIEW version used to compile the bitfile. If not specified, the default is the latest LabVIEW version. |  |
|  | -n, --nocompile (optional) | If present, execution stops after generating the LabVIEW FPGA project. No bitfile is compiled. For more information on this command, refer to Advanced Modifications. |  |
|  | -c, --configfile=<value> (optional) | Specifies the path to a Configuration file (.json). If not specified, the default is to map model ports to board I/Os. |  |
| generate-lvproj |  | Generates a LabVIEW FPGA Project (.lvproj) for the specified FPGA board from the provided Simulink model (.slx) or .nihdlwprj file. | ip2fpgaCLI.exe generate-lvproj -p "C: \\Users\\SampleUser\\Desktop\\Sample\\SubSystem.slx" -t "PXIe-7867R" -l 2019 -c "C:\\Users\\ SampleUser\\Desktop\\Sample\\SubSystem.JSON" |
|  | -p, --project=<value> | Specifies a path to a Simulink model (.slx) or .nihdlwprj file. As a prerequisite, Simulink must successfully generate HDL code. |  |
|  | -t, --target=<value> | Specifies the NI FPGA target type to generate the bitfile. |  |
|  | -l, --lvversion=<value>(optional) | Specifies the LabVIEW version used to compile the bitfile. If not specified, the default is the latest LabVIEW version. |  |
|  | -c, --configfile=<value> (optional) | Specifies the path to an FPGA Board IO Configuration file (.JSON). |  |
| compile-lvproj |  | Builds a bitfile from the provided LabVIEW FPGA project file (.lvproj). | ip2fpgaCLI.exe compile-lvproj -p "C: \\Users\\SampleUser\\Desktop\\Sample\\PXIe-7867R.lvproj" -l 2019 |
|  | -p, --project=<value> | Specifies the path to a LabVIEW FPGA project file (.lvproj). |  |
|  | -l, --lvversion=<value> (optional) | Specifies the LabVIEW version used to compile the bitfile. If not specified, the default is the latest LabVIEW version. |  |
| create-template |  | Creates a template you can modify for later use as a reference design project. | ip2fpgaCLI.exe create-template –t PXIe-7971R -o "C:\\Users\\SampleUser\\Desktop\\RefDesign" |
|  | -t, --target=<value> | Specifies the NI FPGA target type to create the template project for. |  |
|  | -l, --lvversion=<value> (optional) | Specifies the LabVIEW version used to compile the bitfile. If not specified, the default is the latest LabVIEW version. |  |
|  | -o, --outputdir=<value> | Specifies the template LabVIEW project location. |  |

Note

<!--NI_TOPIC bundle=ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility path=converting-simulink-models-into-bitfiles.html language=enus -->
## TOPIC 00003: Converting Simulink Models into Bitfiles

- bundle_id: `ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility`
- source_path: `converting-simulink-models-into-bitfiles.html`
- source_url: https://docs-be.ni.com/bundle/ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility/raw/resource/enus/converting-simulink-models-into-bitfiles.html
- document_id: `ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility`
- page_type: `leaf`
- content_type: `reference`
- source_description: Software Requirements MATLAB Simulink^® with HDL Coder license (r2020a or above) For LabVIEW and driver version requirements, refer to the IP to FPGA Conversion Utility Compatibility table in Installation Instructions. Steps To convert Simulink models to bitfiles, complete the following steps. Open

### Converting Simulink Models into
 Bitfiles

#### Software Requirements

- MATLAB Simulink ® with HDL Coder license (r2020a or above)
- For LabVIEW and driver version requirements, refer to the IP to FPGA Conversion
 Utility Compatibility table in Installation
 Instructions .

#### Steps

To convert Simulink models to bitfiles, complete the following
 steps.

1. Open the model you want to convert to an NI FPGA bitfile in Simulink. Note For Simscape models, use the
 [Simscape HDL Workflow Advisor](https://www.mathworks.com/help/simscape/ug/generate-hdl-code-using-the-simscape-hdl-workflow-advisor.html) to
 convert an existing model to a Simulink HDL Implementation
 model.
2. Navigate to the Configuration Parameters window. Note For more information on the
 Simulink environment, refer to their [documentation](https://www.mathworks.com/help/hdlcoder/ug/hdl-code-generation-options-in-configuration-parameters-dialog-box.html).
3. In the navigation pane, click HDL Coder Generation .
4. Set the Language to VHDL. Note Verilog is not
 supported.
5. Set the Folder where Simulink will generate the VHDL
 code.
6. Click Run Compatibility Checker to confirm the model
 compatibility. [IMAGE alt='image' src='GUID-5D5A5CB3-3396-4743-A353-3187EB54B4EB-a5.png']
7. In the navigation pane under HDL Code Generation , click
 Target and enter a Target Frequency
 (MHz) . [IMAGE alt='image' src='GUID-955915A4-E626-451A-B9B2-CD5B0821C793-a5.png']
8. (Optional): If your model has an array or complex ports, in the navigation pane, click
 Global Settings and set Scalarize
 ports to on . [IMAGE alt='image' src='GUID-0D38BC37-70C8-48FE-B13C-5DE4D7C04A1D-a5.png']
9. Save the model ( .slx ) and generate the HDL code.
10. Ensure that all LabVIEW and LabVIEW FPGA licenses are activated on the machine you are
 running the IP to FPGA Conversion Utility. Note You can skip this step during
 subsequent bitfile conversions.
11. Open the Command Line and enter ip2fpgaCLI.exe .
12. Enter the create-config command to create a configurations template
 file. Note For more
 information on the create-config command, refer to the
 [Commands Table](https://ni-staging.zoominsoftware.io/docs/en-US/bundle/ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility/page/commands-table.html). Note When running this command for
 the first time in LabVIEW 2021 and later, the Security Warning:
 Run When Opened dialog box opens. Enable Remember
 this choice in the permission list and click
 Run.
13. (Optional): To have the configuration template file map the model ports to Board I/Os, refer
 to Modifying Configuration Template File .
 By default, model ports map to registers.
14. Open LabVIEW and select the Compile Server option from Tools >>
 Options . You can skip this step during subsequent bitfile
 conversions. For more information on compiling options, refer to NI LabVIEW FPGA Compilation
 Options . [IMAGE alt='image' src='GUID-5F7D6D88-51A5-44C2-A23F-970194A51718-a5.png']
15. Enter the build-bitfile command to generate the bitfile. Using this command
 causes the IP to FPGA Conversion Utility to display information in the command
 line output. This information includes the created LabVIEW Project Path, Data
 Ports table, Estimated Device Utilization, Final Device Utilization, Bitfile
 Path, and more. Note For more
 information on the build-bitfile command, refer to the
 [Commands Table](https://ni-staging.zoominsoftware.io/docs/en-US/bundle/ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility/page/commands-table.html).

<!--NI_TOPIC bundle=ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility path=creating-reference-designs.html language=enus -->
## TOPIC 00004: Creating Reference Designs and Adding Hardware Support for HDL Coder Support Package for NI FPGA Hardware

- bundle_id: `ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility`
- source_path: `creating-reference-designs.html`
- source_url: https://docs-be.ni.com/bundle/ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility/raw/resource/enus/creating-reference-designs.html
- document_id: `ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility`
- page_type: `leaf`
- content_type: `reference`
- source_description: Overview Use reference designs to customize the LabVIEW harness around the simulation model IP that is imported through the IP to FPGA Conversion Utility and HDL Coder Support Package for NI FPGA Hardware. With reference designs, you can customize to support additional NI FPGA hardware, leverage oth

### Creating Reference Designs and Adding
 Hardware Support for HDL Coder Support Package for NI FPGA Hardware

#### Overview

Use reference
 designs to customize the LabVIEW harness around the simulation model IP that is
 imported through the IP to FPGA Conversion Utility and HDL Coder Support Package for
 NI FPGA Hardware. With reference designs, you can customize to support additional NI
 FPGA hardware, leverage other hardware and CPU interfaces, configure additional
 properties, add other LabVIEW FPGA processing to the same bitfile, and
 more.

#### Creating and Customizing the Template
 Reference Project

You can use the create-template command from
 ip2fpgaCLI.exe to create a new template project. For example, ip2fpgaCLI.exe
 create-template –t PXIe-7971R –o C:\Users\Test\Documents creates a new
 template project targeting the PXIe-7971R.

After creating the reference
 project, add any desired structure to support different BoardIOs, VI-Registers, and
 other customization to the project and TopLevel.vi. Any created BoardIO or
 VI-Registers are placed in TopLevel.vi automatically during project generation,
 based on the BoardCustomization.json.

To create internal I/Os that you can
 link to model ports, such as DMA FIFOs, MGT interfaces, etc., create controls and
 indicators with a label that begins with "IO."

You can use FlexRIO adapter
 modules within a custom reference design. After creating the template, add the IO
 module to the project, then use the desired IO from that module in
 TopLevel.vi.

After creating the reference design project, create the
 BoardCustomization.json file based on the added customization. Refer to
 *Guidelines for BoardCustomization.json* for more details.

Note

#### Guidelines for BoardCustomization.json

Create a
 BoardCustomization.json to add new hardware support with customizations to describe
 how simulation model ports connect to BoardIO in a custom reference design
 project.

#### Json Structure

- ProjectPath: Path to a custom reference design project (if
 applicable).
- TopLevelVI: Path to the TopLevelVI leveraged for this
 hardware. Two TopLevelVIs are shipped with the tool, but you can create a new
 one if developing a Reference Design project.
  - For R-series targets: "TopLevelVI": "..\\TemplatePrjs\\TopLevel.vi"
  - For FlexRIO multifunction targets: "TopLevelVI":
 "..\\TemplatePrjs\\PXIe-789x\\TopLevel.vi"
- TargetType: Provide the target module name.
- BoardIOData: The json core portion. This structure provides input to
 ip2fpgaCLI.exe regarding the FPGA IO nodes present on the target and how to
 connect them to the simulation model ports.
  - Name: The pin name, which you can specify by an
 exact value (that is, “Name”: “Connector0/DIO0”) or with a loop
 component variable (that is, “Name”: “Connector0/AI$i”).
  - Direction: The BoardIO’s directions, specified as
 Input or Output.
  - LoopComponent: Allows grouping similar pins
 together.
  - Datatype: The LabVIEW BoardIO datatype. Supported
 values are:
    - Boolean
    - SGL
    - I8, I16, I32, I64
    - U8, U16, U32, U64
    - FXP<+/-,27,5>
    - FXP<+,27,5>
  - StructureLabel: The structure name where you
 should place the BoardIO (that is, “StructureLabel”: “AI Read Loop”). If
 the LoopComponent is configured, all pins referenced are linked to the
 same structure. Supported structures are:
    - WhileLoop
    - TimedLoop
    - ForLoop
    - FlatSequence
    - CaseStructure
  - Args: Arguments for supported structures. The
 supported arguments are:
    - FlatSequence >> Frame: Frame number
 (that is, “Args”: “Frame:0”).
    - CaseStructure >> Frame: State name
 (that is, “Args”: “Frame:True”).
  - InvokeNodes: You can script invoke nodes for
 BoardIOs into structures. The argument formats are:
    - PropertyName: Name of the invoke node
 property.
    - ParentStructure: The StructureLabel for
 the invoke node.
    - StructureArgs: Any arguments for the
 structure, if applicable.
      - Parameters: Name: Input parameter
 name.
      - DataType: Datatype of the
 parameter (Boolean, U8, U16, U32, I8, I16, I32).
      - Value: Constant value connected
 to the node parameter.
  - PropertyNodes: You can script property nodes for
 BoardIOs into structures. The supported arguments are:
    - ParentStructure: The property node
 StructureLabel.
    - StructureArgs: Any arguments for the
 structure, if applicable.
    - Parameters:
      - Name: Input parameter name.
      - DataType: The parameter datatype
 (Boolean, U8, U16, U32, I8, I16, I32).
      - Value: Constant value connected
 to the node parameter.

#### Registering Reference Designs and Adding New Hardware in HDL
 Coder

#### Adding New Targets to HDL Coder
 Support Package for NI FPGA Hardware

After creating a
 BoardCustomization.json for a given hardware module, move the json to
 C:\Program Files\National Instruments\IP to FPGA Conversion
 Utility\LVComponents\config data.

After moving the file, open
 Generate Plugin Board for Matlab.vi in C:\Program Files\National
 Instruments\IP to FPGA Conversion Utility\PluginBoardGenerationTool.
 Within the VI, specify the BoardCustomization Folder Path (the folder that contains
 the created BoardCustomization.json files), the Output Folder Path (where the HDL
 coder-related files will be generated), and the FPGA Category Options (select the
 target related category which the BoardCustomization.json).

Note

All Targets

After generating the files, add the generated folder specified in
 the Output Folder Path to the MATLAB path via the Set Path command.

#### Registering Custom Reference Designs
 for HDL Coder Support Package for NI FPGA Hardware

Create a plugin_rd by
 referencing the default plugin_rd.m in \\+{Target}\+ReferenceDesign. Add that
 plugin_rd.m to a new folder with the desired referenced design name (that is,
 “\\+{Target}\+TestRefDesign”).

Note

Note

Note

Modify
 hdlcoder_ref_design_customization.m to add the plugin_rd reference design plugin
 created in addition to the default one that is already listed. For
 example,

rd = {

'PXIe7971R.ReferenceDesign.plugin_rd', ...

'PXIe7971R.TestDesign.plugin_rd'

};

All registered hardware and reference designs are now
 discoverable in steps 1.1 and 1.2 of the HDL Workflow Advisor.

<!--NI_TOPIC bundle=ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility path=importing-a-bitfile-into-veristand.html language=enus -->
## TOPIC 00005: Importing a Bitfile into VeriStand

- bundle_id: `ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility`
- source_path: `importing-a-bitfile-into-veristand.html`
- source_url: https://docs-be.ni.com/bundle/ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility/raw/resource/enus/importing-a-bitfile-into-veristand.html
- document_id: `ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility`
- page_type: `leaf`
- content_type: `reference`
- source_description: Software Requirements VeriStand 2018 or above FPGA Addon Custom Device 20.6 or above Steps To import a bitfile into veristand, complete the following steps. After generating a bitfile, import that file into VeriStand through the FPGA Addon Custom Device. You can find the path to the bitfile in the c

### Importing a Bitfile into VeriStand

#### Software Requirements

- VeriStand 2018 or above
- FPGA Addon Custom Device 20.6 or
 above

#### Steps

To import a bitfile into veristand, complete the following
 steps.

1. After generating a bitfile, import that file into VeriStand through the FPGA
 Addon Custom Device. You can find the path to the bitfile in the command line
 output. [IMAGE alt='image' src='GUID-FA365697-F080-4C41-A77D-873677BE3460-a5.png']
2. Open VeriStand System Explorer to add the FPGA Addon Custom Device. Note For more information, refer
 to the [FPGA Addon Quick Start Guide](https://github.com/ni/niveristand-fpga-addon-custom-device/blob/main/Source/Quick%20Start%20Documentation/FPGA%20Addon%20Quick%20Start%20Guide.md#addon-specifics) on
 GitHub. [IMAGE alt='image' src='GUID-4A18EC7E-B6F2-4D77-8A89-DF8F9D032BC6-a5.png']

#### Interfacing With the Bitfile from Other Applications

In addition to
 VeriStand, you can interface with the bitfile from the following
 applications:

- LabVIEW
- FPGA Interface C API

<!--NI_TOPIC bundle=ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility path=installation.html language=enus -->
## TOPIC 00006: Installation Instructions

- bundle_id: `ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility`
- source_path: `installation.html`
- source_url: https://docs-be.ni.com/bundle/ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility/raw/resource/enus/installation.html
- document_id: `ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility`
- page_type: `leaf`
- content_type: `reference`
- source_description: The IP to FPGA Conversion Utility requires several dependencies. Refer to the following table for current release compatibility. For compatibility with the HDL Coder Support Package for NI FPGA Hardware, refer to the compatibility table. IP to FPGA Conversion Utility Compatibility Software Compatibi

### Installation Instructions

The IP to FPGA Conversion Utility requires several dependencies. Refer to the following table
 for current release compatibility. For compatibility with the HDL Coder Support
 Package for NI FPGA Hardware, refer to the [compatibility table](https://www.mathworks.com/matlabcentral/fileexchange/119173-hdl-coder-support-package-for-ni-fpga-hardware).

| Software | Compatibility |
| --- | --- |
| IP to FPGA Conversion Utility | 2024 Q3 |
| LabVIEW Full or Professional Development System | 2021 (32-bit only), 2023, 2024 |
| LabVIEW FPGA Module | 2021 (32-bit only), 2023, 2024 |
| NI R Series Multifunction RIO with LabVIEW Support | 2023 Q2 or later |
| Other drivers | Dependent on target hardware |

<!--NI_TOPIC bundle=ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility path=limitations.html language=enus -->
## TOPIC 00007: Limitations

- bundle_id: `ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility`
- source_path: `limitations.html`
- source_url: https://docs-be.ni.com/bundle/ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility/raw/resource/enus/limitations.html
- document_id: `ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility`
- page_type: `leaf`
- content_type: `reference`
- source_description: The IP to FPGA Conversion Utility has the following limitations: No support for double precision ports. Only registers CPU-FPGA communication through Read/Write controls. No support for purely combinatorial circuits, such as circuits without clocks.

### Limitations

The IP to FPGA Conversion Utility has the following limitations:

- No support for double precision ports.
- Only registers CPU-FPGA communication through Read/Write controls.
- No support for purely combinatorial circuits, such as circuits without
 clocks.

<!--NI_TOPIC bundle=ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility path=modifying-the-configuration-template-file.html language=enus -->
## TOPIC 00008: Modifying the Configuration Template File

- bundle_id: `ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility`
- source_path: `modifying-the-configuration-template-file.html`
- source_url: https://docs-be.ni.com/bundle/ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility/raw/resource/enus/modifying-the-configuration-template-file.html
- document_id: `ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility`
- page_type: `leaf`
- content_type: `reference`
- source_description: The configuration file allows the user to map a model port to the supported NI FPGA Board I/O or to registers. Use the create-config command to create a template configuration file. By default, all model ports map to registers. The configuration file also contains information on the available Board

### Modifying the Configuration Template
 File

The configuration file allows the user to map a model port to the supported NI FPGA Board I/O
 or to registers. Use the create-config command to create a template configuration
 file.

Note

The configuration file also contains information on the available Board I/Os for the
 selected NI FPGA target. This helps with mapping model ports to Board I/Os.

[IMAGE alt='image' src='GUID-45AFA564-DA30-470D-92A8-D58650242E7D-a5.png']

Note

<!--NI_TOPIC bundle=ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility path=overview.html language=enus -->
## TOPIC 00009: Overview

- bundle_id: `ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility`
- source_path: `overview.html`
- source_url: https://docs-be.ni.com/bundle/ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility/raw/resource/enus/overview.html
- document_id: `ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility`
- page_type: `leaf`
- content_type: `reference`
- source_description: The IP to FPGA Conversion Utility supports the conversion of MathWorks MATLAB Simulink^® models into NI FPGA bitfiles. While an earlier approach used a manual process that required LabVIEW expertise, this utility auto-converts a given Simulink model into a bitfile. This document explains how to use

### Overview

The IP to FPGA Conversion Utility supports the conversion of MathWorks MATLAB
 Simulink<sup>®</sup> models into NI FPGA bitfiles. While [an earlier approach](https://www.mathworks.com/help/simulink/index.html) used a manual process that required
 LabVIEW expertise, this utility auto-converts a given Simulink model into a
 bitfile.

This document explains how to use the IP to FPGA Conversion Utility. It is intended for users
 who want to convert Simulink models into FPGA bitfiles for deployment to the
 supported NI FPGA hardware.

The document also discusses how to interface with the generated bitfile using
 VeriStand and other applications.

Note

MathWorks documentation

<!--NI_TOPIC bundle=ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility path=supported-hardware.html language=enus -->
## TOPIC 00010: Supported Hardware

- bundle_id: `ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility`
- source_path: `supported-hardware.html`
- source_url: https://docs-be.ni.com/bundle/ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility/raw/resource/enus/supported-hardware.html
- document_id: `ip-to-fpga-conversion-utility`
- page_type: `leaf`
- content_type: `reference`
- source_description: The IP to FPGA Conversion Utility supports the following hardware: PXIe-7820R PXIe-7821R PXIe-7822R PXIe-7846R PXIe-7847R PXIe-7856R PXIe-7857R PXIe-7858R PXIe-7867R PXIe-7868R PXIe-7890R PXIe-7891R

### Supported Hardware

The IP to FPGA Conversion Utility supports the following hardware:

- PXIe-7820R
- PXIe-7821R
- PXIe-7822R
- PXIe-7846R
- PXIe-7847R
- PXIe-7856R
- PXIe-7857R
- PXIe-7858R
- PXIe-7867R
- PXIe-7868R
- PXIe-7890R
- PXIe-7891R
