# NI DOCUMENT BUNDLE: audio-acoustics-test-software-lv-api-ref

<!--NI_BUNDLE_CHUNK bundle=audio-acoustics-test-software-lv-api-ref start=1 end=1 -->
<!--NI_TOPIC bundle=audio-acoustics-test-software-lv-api-ref path=api-ref.html language=enus -->
## TOPIC 00001: LabVIEW G API Reference

- bundle_id: `audio-acoustics-test-software-lv-api-ref`
- source_path: `api-ref.html`
- source_url: https://docs-be.ni.com/bundle/audio-acoustics-test-software-lv-api-ref/raw/resource/enus/api-ref.html
- document_id: `audio-acoustics-test-software-lv-api-ref`
- page_type: `leaf`
- content_type: `reference`
- source_description: You can develop test programs with the LabVIEW G APIs provided with Audio and Acoustics Test Software. The Microphone and Speaker Test RA.lvlib library is located in the C:\Program Files (x86)\National Instruments\LabVIEW version\ProjectTemplates\Source\Audio and Acoustics\Library directory. The lib

LabVIEW G API Reference

You can develop test programs with the LabVIEW G APIs provided with Audio and Acoustics
 Test Software.

The Microphone and Speaker Test RA.lvlib library is located in the
 C:\Program Files (x86)\National Instruments\LabVIEW
 version\ProjectTemplates\Source\Audio and
 Acoustics\Library directory. The library contains APIs in the
 following categories:

| Category | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Acquisition | Plays the stimulus signal generated by the Stimulus APIs and acquires the waveform. |
| Analysis | Analyzes the recorded sound waveforms and gets test results. |
| Calibration | Calibrates acoustic-related devices. |
| Configuration | Configures test-related parameters. |
| Controls | Provides common controls used by all APIs. |
| Limit | Configures check limits for frequency/level sweep tests. |
| Report | Provides limit check for each test item and records test result data in report files. |
| Stimulus | Generates stimulus signals and applies mouth equalization curve to the stimulus signals. |

Refer to the LabVIEW context help of each API for more information.

© 2022 National Instruments Corporation. All rights reserved. Refer to the <National Instruments>\_Legal Information directory for information about NI copyright, patents, trademarks, warranties, product warnings, and export compliance.
